hey it's
Interbike 2014 how're you guys doing
Michaels hrabowski the worldwide
marketing manager here at Lowe's I an
engineer design got some great stuff I
want to show you guys why don't we take
a look all right the first thing I'd
like to tell you guys about today is our
new brand new KTV lights they're a be
seen light they're not a headlamp
they're a light to be seen when you're
commuting great thing about these lights
they're twenty dollars there's 15
movement for the front you're gonna have
three modes and it's gonna USB
rechargeable super cool no more
batteries you're also gonna have some
battery indicators up here to tell you
you got about nine and a half hours on
the front we also have our rear this is
going to get you five lumens again USB
rechargeable on these as well you're
gonna have a battery indicator and
you're gonna have eight and a half hours
on this one real inexpensive real bright
real light and really cool only from the
design next up in our K TV Line is our K
TV Pro s again is another be seen light
you're gonna have 70 lumen here multiple
hours in different modes and again this
one's also going to be rechargeable as
well super cool super light all CNC
machine built to last
can't beat it from the sign new from
this year also is the co2 control Drive
co2 that's a twist to inflate inflate or
with the dial on the back everyone knows
what to do once they see a knob touch to
your valve stem a little bit of air a
lot of air fully controllable as much as
you want to do once you to cartridge
will take care of pretty much every size
tired will rideable pressure super fast
all CNC machine built to last
also for LED line this year we have a
Zek tow auto witnesses it's a motion
detected light once this light picks up
motion after three minutes stop its
going to turn back on so it's gonna be
great for the commuter who may be
cruising around town they want to stop
off grab a beer or a running and grab a
book or something at the at the book
store this will shut off in three
minutes if you forget to pull your light
off automatically kick back on once you
start going it's going to give you 20
tops lumen and it'll get you about 10
hours
worth of LED light in the flash mode
super cool C&C rechargeable USB as well
not too bad and one of my favorite
products that we have this year is
called the macro drive duo what it is
it's gonna be a front and rear helmet
mounted lights super cool what you do
you're gonna have five modes up front
you're gonna hold the power button down
you'll be able to toggle 400 lumen
coming off the front through different
modes you're gonna have five different
modes you're gonna have five lumen in
the rear it's all cnc'd you're gonna
have a hundred and eighty degrees
visibility off of this again it's gonna
mount to your helmet it's also gonna be
USB rechargeable in the micro with a
micro USB cable no batteries lasts long
long time and you're gonna ride have fun
keep you safe from the commuter ride
again helmet mount macro drive duo my
personal favorite one of the big
improvements we made to one of our
famous lines the line that started it at
all we have our new floor drives what we
have here is we've reached up and we've
made a larger 3.5 gauge change the
internals we're gonna have a diaphragm
based internal mechanic mechanical
system in here it's gonna be a lot more
stable two drops and bounces super
accurate is gonna give you 220 psi nice
and large look at that anyone can see
that even the old eyes we all got it now
we're gonna put that in a three of our
top-line the CNC floor the ally and the
classic super cool super built to last
new for this year also an introduction
to our hand pump line is the ABS pen
gauge what we did is we've taken a
really nice inline gauge attached right
to the hose pressed in Schrader screw it
around to the barrel into the hand pump
attached to your valve stem start
pumping there you actually got the gauge
we're built right in
thank you all so very much for spending
your time here with us at dinner bike
2014 we're Lezyne glad to show you all
the new stuff check us out at the zine
com for all the rad new products we got
for you guys this year thanks for the
support
you